---
title: Teaching Philosophy
---
Before I share my thoughts on teaching, I want to first recognize that learning is never an easy process. As a current student, when talking with my peers, especially in CICS, it becomes inherently clear that learning isn't a straight road ahead, it involves failing over and over again until you succeed. I also believe that learning is the most effective when the learner is engaged in the process. Some of the most courses I have succeeded in usually includes serval if not one semester long programming project which really helped grow my understanding and skills.

 When it comes to teaching, my philosophy is based on the idea that learning should be engaging. From my experiences as a teaching assistant, I often observe that my students become very engaged on the material when working in groups, especially since most of my teaching happens in a office hour setting. Because of this, when it comes a time where I'd be teaching in a classroom setting, I would like to design my course content with group works that can effectively engage students in the content. I do also recognize that not everyone may prefer working in a group setting, so I think that individual work is also a viable way to engage and learn the content. The reason why I want to become a teacher is simple, I want to help others understand what I understand, it strive for everyone to have the "ohh I get it now" moment, the experience feels incredibly rewarding for me, which at the same time is also rewarding for the learner. I personally that classes should have a certain level of difficulty for it to be useful to the learner, in other words, the class should, at the very least, be interesting to the learner, on this note, they should ask the question "Why am I learning this?" I want to make the class more engaging and feel more like a community of learners, rather than a teacher and student model, I want to learners to connect and engage with each other. I have tried to establish this for my time as a teaching assistant.

The usage of technologies in teaching can further enhance the students' engagement in the learning process, or example: Padlet allows student to contribute ideas as groups or individuals to the class as a whole. Another tool that I feel becomes useful is the usage of drawings and diagrams, these tools are particularly useful for me when it comes to explaining a complex concept. This is particularly useful when it comes to helping a struggling student. 